Hey, good morning family! I'm excited to be with you all today.
This video has been a challenge to get up; I've gone through some stuff to get this one up today.
It's been pretty rough; five times I've been interrupted, but I'm determined.
I'm going to get this video done because I know what the Lord has for you today, and I know that this is going to help you.
Anytime the enemy tries to come in and show himself off like this, it is for a purpose.
He is threatened by what I'm about to tell you today, so please stay tuned and listen to this. I'm telling you, he is being a rascal. Here we go.
When I was praying during Rosh Hashanah yesterday, there were a lot of things the Lord showed me in the spirit realm.
Whenever I was in my secret place praying, he told me some stuff I can't talk about.
I'm going to tell you what I can tell you, and then we're going to go from there.
I'm going to talk about authority, but part of the word that he gave me about Rosh Hashanah, he said, 'My calendar is from Rosh Hashanah to Rosh Hashanah.'It's the Jewish calendar.
He said yours, of course, is January 1st to January 1st, but he said from this September until the next Rosh Hashanah—which sometimes is in October, it's a fall feast—he said you are going to see a lot of suppression coming from the internet, from Facebook, and from all of the major social media sites, from YouTube.
All this suppression of freedom of speech, freedom of basically what you think. You're on their platform, so they are going to...
I saw them in meetings, I saw things happening, and they are going to start attacking a lot of free speech, freedom of speech, being able to talk about the elections, and about religious stuff.
The thing for your arm, you know, they're going to talk about that; they're going to suppress that.
There's a lot of things the Lord showed me, that there's going to be a lot of suppression.
He was telling me about this and that it was going to increase a lot.
He said from Rosh Hashanah again, this will be a time of great acceleration of change.
He said you will see change accelerate like on warp speed. Even more so, he referred to it as birthing pains.
He was showing me that just like a woman goes into labor, the birthing pains are slow at the beginning and then they pick up.
The closer you get to the baby being born, the birthing pains increase. Every woman who has had a child would know that.
What the Lord showed me was that they will increase during Rosh Hashanah every time it's a Jewish New Year.
Until his coming, we will see those birthing pains increase clear up to that year, and you're going to see it be significant.
That is a time frame to always watch. I try to talk to you all about the Shemitah cycles and how it's every seven years.
That's why people were asking me, 'When do you believe the Rapture is going to take place?'I believe the Rapture of the church will take place at the end of a Shemitah cycle.
If the calendar and everything is right, we just had a cycle last year, so we would have six more years until the next Shemitah cycle starts.
That's a great time for the Rapture of the church, in my opinion.
People have asked me about the Revelation 12 sign and all that. I believe we're going to see that.
They've wondered about September 23rd and if that is a significant day. I know the world acknowledges it.
There are people saying there are all kinds of movies and all this stuff about it, but I believe the Revelation 12 sign...
I'm not real big on all the Bible verses, but Robert Breaker is brilliant, and so is Pastor Steve with Discover Ministries.
He's brilliant with the Bible. I would encourage anybody to go and join his online church at Discover Ministries and find him on YouTube.
Pastor Steve is brilliant with the Word, far more than all the scriptures he knows and how he is able to make the Bible come alive.
I'd encourage anybody to go over there, join his church online, and listen to that. He has so much amazing information for you to learn.
I didn't even know it was all over there at his Discover Church; he has an amazing app.
You can go on there and he has archives of sermons and Bible study notes—all kinds of amazing stuff for you to grow spiritually.
It's like a family over there. It costs money because the app he uses costs a lot to maintain.
I think it's like ten bucks a month for the membership, but it's worth it, trust me.
I went over there and I'm growing even more spiritually than I already am. I keep getting nuggets.
It's a family; you can ask questions and they have a chat where you can talk to other people.
It's just really cool. I wasn't even going to go there, but I feel like people should know this.
If we look at what happened in 2017—I've told you all this—I look at what happened with Israel.
I believe it was a sign for Israel in 2017. Why wouldn't it be a sign for Israel in 2023?
When we look at what happened in September of 2017, a couple of months later Donald Trump went to Israel, and then in May, Jerusalem became the capital of Israel because we moved our embassy there.
There was so much that happened within that nine-month birthing cycle from September to May. Look at all that happened.
I believe once we see this next week, when we have this sign in the sky again, let's just watch and see if something happens with Israel.
If it doesn't and people think it has to do with the Rapture, then great. I hope Jesus comes back this year or next year.
I'm looking for him to come back today, but let's just watch and see if it has to do with Israel.
I know they said they were delaying the peace agreement with Syria right now; I saw it on the news.
They were trying to do the two-state solution, and Syria was irritated about some things.
I was asking the Lord because he's been speaking to me about authority and teaching you all your authority for what's coming, because it's very serious.
I told you about the suppression and that everything I've warned you all about is kicking off. We're going to start to see the acceleration.
For Rosh Hashanah, when we went into last Saturday and the holiday, the atmosphere was charged.
It was almost like you were able to step over spiritually. It hasn't gone away; you can feel the intensity when you're praying and interceding.
I want to go back to the authority of the believer. I was telling you all about the visitation I had from the devil.
I was asleep and I woke up in the middle of the night, and he was standing at the foot of my bed.
The whole room was lit up like a light bulb, glowing with a dingy white light.
His hair was flowing, and his clothes were beautiful. Everything about him, other than his eyes, looked like an angel of light.
But his eyes were so black, like onyx. It was the most intense evil I've ever experienced.
I froze in my bed. I hate talking about this, but I feel it's necessary to teach you.
I froze in that fear because I was intimidated at the time by his presence.
He offered to show me the vastness of what he had authority over, specifically the financial sector.
He told me, 'If you bow your knee to me and serve me, I will give you all of this.'He showed me pictures of things I'd ever wanted, like Ferraris—lust of the flesh.
How I was able to see this stuff in a vision, I have no idea. This is all weird for me.
He was trying to show off everything he had, but he has nothing; he's evil.
I'm not giving glory to the devil, so I'm going to step out of this now.
After all that happened, I was sitting in my bed praying in the spirit, and I started praying in tongues.
He started laughing at me because I told him, 'Get out of my house in the name of Jesus!'But he kept laughing because I was in fear.
The devil knows when you know who you are. He knows when you have that spark and authority to cast him out.
You can say 'in the name of Jesus'with your mouth, but if you're trembling in fear, he knows.
I heard the Holy Spirit speak up inside of me, saying, 'Pray in tongues right now.'I started praying, and he was laughing at the foot of my bed.
Mind you, the whole room is glowing with demonic light. I was interceding, and all of a sudden the Holy Spirit came over me like fire.
That authority I'm talking about rose up out of my belly and roared out of me as I started praying in tongues, stirring myself up in my Most Holy Faith.
'Perfect love casts out all fear.''Greater is he that is in me.'I was quoting those scriptures inside my heart as he was laughing.
It was like the guy laughing at the end of Michael Jackson's 'Thriller'—a demonic laughter.
At that moment, I kept praying in the spirit and said, 'In the name of Jesus, I command you to get out of my house now!'I got angry, and the lights all turned off.
Everything went pitch black again. When the power of God came over me and I got bold as a lion, Satan himself could not stand in the presence of the Almighty God inside of me.
Greater is he that is in you than he that is in the world. It's like a police officer in uniform holding a stop sign.
He has authority given to him by the government. People stop not because of the person, but because of the uniform, the badge, and the authority behind them.
They are operating by the laws of the land. He holds up that sign and everybody stops because they recognize the authority.
If you don't stop and you hit them, you're going to jail. You automatically know that person is walking in authority.
But if anyone else is out there without a badge or uniform, you're going to tell them to get out of the way.
That's how the enemy is. He recognizes when you know your authority.
He knows by the uniform you have on—that Holy Ghost power on the inside of you.
A fly will not land on a hot stove. When you are on fire for the Lord, the enemy recognizes it.
He didn't recognize my authority at first because I was in fear, but when that power came up out of my belly—rivers of living water—the Word came out of me with dunamis behind it.
I told him to get out, and boom, the lights went out. The devil understands authority.
Smith Wigglesworth used to tell a story about a lady at a bus stop.
Her little dog was rubbing up against her legs, wanting to go with her.
She said, 'Honey, I told you to get back to the house,'but the dog kept following.
Finally, she shouted, 'I told you to get!'and that dog bolted back to the house. That's how you have to talk to the devil.
The Bible says in James to submit yourself to God, resist the devil, and he will flee.
You have to know your authority. Get inside the scripture so you realize who you are. Ephesians chapter 2 says God is rich in mercy.
Even when we were dead in sins, he quickened us together with Christ and raised us up to sit together in heavenly places.
We are seated with him. He raised us up to show the exceeding riches of his grace.
We are his workmanship, created for good works. We are seated with him in heavenly places.
Acts 19:15 says the evil spirit answered, 'Jesus I know, and Paul I know, but who are you?'The devil knew those men didn't know who they were.
I wasn't operating in authority at first because of fear, but I had to switch over to faith.
'Perfect love casteth out all fear.'He that fears is not made perfect in love. I had to realize my Father loves me.
The seven sons of Sceva were saying, 'We adjure you by the Jesus whom Paul preaches.'They didn't have a revelation of who Jesus was; they were just using Paul's words.
Because they didn't have that revelation, the devil beat them up.
Philippians 2:9 says God has highly exalted him and given him a name above every name, that at the name of Jesus every knee should bow—in heaven, on earth, and under the earth.
That name gives us power. 1 John 5:18 says whosoever is born of God does not sin, but he that is begotten of God keeps himself and the wicked one touches him not.
Memorize that. The wicked one cannot touch you because you are begotten of God.
We have authority to call those things that be not as though they are.
Jesus is the head, and we are the body. The body and the head are dependent on each other.
We are his mouth in this earth. We operate in authority over demonic spirits. We are joint-heirs with Jesus Christ.
We have authority to tread on serpents and scorpions—meaning demonic spirits—and nothing shall by any means harm you.
We even have authority over the weather. You can speak to the weather just like Jesus said, 'Peace, be still.'The same power dwells in you.
I practice this daily. Once, a massive tornado was coming toward our house.
My family ran into the storm cellar, but I stayed in the carport.
I pointed my finger and said, 'In the name of Jesus Christ, I command you to go up into those clouds!
You do not come down and touch our house!'I used my authority.
I could see the clouds turning, trying to come back down, but they went back up.
You have the power to speak to storms and make mountains move.
People often ask me to pray for them, and I have compassion, but if you realize the Holy Ghost lives inside you, you can speak to sickness and disease yourself.
I call in high-pressure and low-pressure systems. I call in cold fronts from Canada to bring cooler temperatures.
I speak to the jet streams. Jesus spoke to the storms, and you can speak to the storms in your life—fires, hurricanes, or tornadoes.
It takes faith. Sometimes I call for rain and it takes a few days to get here, but I don't lose faith.
Other times, it happens immediately. Once, I was in deep intercession and it started raining on my car with not a cloud in the sky.
It was a sign of the glorious outpouring and revival coming.
Speak over your finances, your health, and your children. Listen to that still, small voice.
I saw news articles about people setting up tents for a new virus—some kind of Ebola thing in England.
It looked like what the Lord showed me in the supernatural. These things are starting to manifest.
You need the power and authority of the name of Jesus so that when you pray over empty pots, the food multiplies.
God is the multiplier. He is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all we ask or think, according to the power that works in us.
Walk in that 'holy glow'like liquid honey. Meditate on Psalms 91 and Psalms 23 until you know who you are in Christ.
When the enemy tries to deliver a 'package'of sickness, say, 'No, devil, I don't receive that in Jesus'name.'The devil is a roaring lion seeking whom he may devour, but you don't have to let him devour you.
2 Timothy 1:7 says God has not given us a spirit of fear, but of power, love, and a sound mind.
I don't have Alzheimer's or dementia; I have the mind of Christ.
I walk in great peace and joy. You shall know the truth, and the truth will set you free.
Faith comes by hearing and hearing the Word of God. You need to hear it until it becomes rhema and revelation knowledge.
Abraham became fully persuaded that what God had promised, he was able to perform.
He didn't focus on the deadness of Sarah's womb; he was strong in faith, giving glory to God.
He didn't stagger at the promise. I hope this sermon helped you.
I'm going to pray for you. Father, I thank you for my subscribers. I thank you that everything they touch prospers.
I believe for a hundredfold return and a quick manifestation of finances for them.
I call them healed, delivered, and free from demonic oppression.
By the stripes of Jesus, they are whole. Every debt is obliterated.
They are mentally, physically, and emotionally free by the blood of the Lamb.
For whom the Son sets free is free indeed. Have a blessed day, y'all. We'll see you next time. Bye-bye.